# Quiz_Game_api
Assignment Name: Quiz Game (Web app)
------------------------------------
Description: 
------------>
The game is to ask some questions from users and on the basis of their answers generate their report and let them know their general knowledge.

There will be 3 levels of the game: Easy, Medium, and Hard

As per the user's selection, there will be a set of questions the system will prompt the user and wait for his/her answer.

All these questions will have four options from which only one answer will be correct.

There will be 5 questions asked by the system.

There will be a timer running for 30 seconds and the result will be displayed if the timer finished before answering all questions

The report should be generated by the system on the basis of that 5 questions, whether a person has Very Strong (5),  Strong (4), Good (3), Bad (2) or Poor (1) general knowledge.

What should it do (points to be considered for evaluation)?
----------------------------------------------------------->

There must have source code and a file (contains questions & answers based on level type)
It should compile and run without any error
It should ask the user for level selection (Easy, Medium, and Hard)
It should read questions from a different file/database and not from code-variables
It should store answers (in the database)
It should continue to ask until 5 questions have been prompted for the selection of level
The timer should work properly
All the answers provided by a user must be matched from the database (contains questions & answers based on level type) only
It should generate the result on the basis of correct answers given by a user: Very Strong (5), Strong (4), Good (3), Bad (2) or Poor (1)
It should also display the correct answers to questions asked as well
The code should be properly commented
The code must be submitted to Github


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Database Architecture:-
--------------------->
A single database created with name quiz_game.
The database table .sql file is added in the repository.


Used AWS Cloud for api generation and deployment of code and database.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
1)RDS--->This is a service in aws which provides a serverless database where the quiz_game table was created.
2)Lamda-->This is too a serverless service which is used to run any code or script and has to be regulated/triggered for code execution
3)API Gateway-->This is a service which facilitates us to create and deploy api's for our application on the go.This gateway triggers lamda to run our code.

This code assignment is deployed and fully serverless using the amazon aws.And for the same the code are provided in the repository.The link for accessing the various api's are as:

https://i1ralxrhw7.execute-api.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/test/getquestions

but these can't be accessed because the database service i.e RDS gives only a limited uptime hour for free tier access so I prefer to keep it stopped and start only when need to deliver.
But the api are in the perfect working condition.

For frontend I tried using html css and javascript
----------------------------------------------------
Used axios for hitting the api which was created and then bifurcating the response into easy medium and hard levels.
Also created the html css page but lack a bit of knowledge in mapping of data dynamically to dom.So that part is a bit incomplete.
